what our ridiculous time it is to be
alive huh what if we just skip 20 20
altogether get right to 20 21 we move
the clock forward why not move the
calendar forward a year we miss it
Olympics and maybe the sequel to Top Gun
so what this is our second night back to
work after the holiday and here's
something I realized over over this
break kids don't know there's money
anymore they've seen it but they don't
know what it's for because now we buy
everything on the phone and the computer
they don't see anything change hands did
you see hands no my daughter is 5 years
old she's playing with my iPad and these
criminals who make these apps for kids
it's not enough you pay for the app they
have add-ons too it's like it's a
never-ending money hole you want the
puppy to have a pink hat it's an extra
$2.99 and on some of them not only is do
they have add-ons there you have a
monthly charge so if your kids in the
middle of a game and they want to keep
going you have to subscribe and pay
every month and good luck trying to
cancel it it's like just like trying to
find a Blockbuster video store it's
impossible five times I tried to cancel
this unicorn chef app this stupid
cartoon game where a horse makes cake my
daughter played this once like a year
ago thirty-six dollars later I'm still
paying for it because I don't know how
to cancel it I head to Google how do you
cancel an app and the answer is go to
settings and payments and subscriptions
scroll down check no if you do want it
yes if you do you're going back and
forth between the web browser and the
settings and after a while I just gave
up I was just like you know what to hell
with it it's now part of our monthly
budget
and because of the iPad my kids probably
aren't going to college anyway so I'll
just take the money out of that the
single most difficult thing a human
being can do is cancel an app so anyway
my daughter's on this app and she wants
to buy something and I have the face ID
on which means you know in order by like
an app or music or whatever all I have
to do is hold it up to my face and it's
paid for but that also means all my
daughter has to do to buy something is
saying hey dad look at this and I go
like this and 399 flies right out of my
pocket she's using my face like she's
Tom Cruise in Mission Impossible and I
want hi I'm Jimmy Kimmel give back this
holiday season buy my new book the
serious goose I wrote it and drew it all
the money I make goes to children's
hospitals across the country and if you
don't support that you are a box